eol: add page (#10380)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/eol.md

# eol

> > CLI to show end-of-life dates (EoLs) for a number of products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Show end-of-life dates (EoLs) for a number of products.
```

> > CLI to show end-of-life dates (EoLs) for a number of products.

Reviewer: @kbdharun you accidentally removed the title

```suggestion
# eol

> CLI to show end-of-life dates (EoLs) for a number of products.
```

Reviewer 2: Sorry, Thanks for the fix. I made the suggestions pretty late yesterday.

> More information: <https://github.com/hugovk/norwegianblue>.

- List all available products:

`eol`

> - Get EOLs of a given product:
> 
> `eol {{product}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get EoLs of one or more products:

`eol {{product1 product2 ...}}`
```

- Open product webpage on EOL:

`eol {{product}} -w`

> - Get EOLs of multiple products all at once:
> 
> `eol {{product1 product2 ...}}`
> 

Reviewer: Merged with the first example.
```suggestion
```

> - Get EOLs of a product in a specific format:
> 
> `eol {{product}} -f {{html|json|md|markdown|pretty|rst|csv|tsv|yaml}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get EoLs of a one or more products in a specific format:

`eol {{product1 product2 ...}} --format {{html|json|md|markdown|pretty|rst|csv|tsv|yaml}}`
```

> - Get EOLs of multiple products as a single markdown file:
> 
> `eol {{product1 product2 ...}} -f markdown > eol_report.md`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get EoLs of one or more products as a single markdown file:

`eol {{product1 product2 ...}} --format {{markdown}} > {{eol_report.md}}`
```

# eol

> > CLI to show end-of-life (EOLs) dates for an (ever increasing) number of products (Programming languages, Devices, databases, Operating Systems, Frameworks, Desktop Applications, Application server, Cloud Services and other categories.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> CLI to show end-of-life dates (EOLs) for an (ever increasing) number of products (e.g. Programming Languages, Frameworks, Devices, Operating Systems, Desktop Applications, ...)
> More information: <https://github.com/hugovk/norwegianblue>.
```

> # eol
> 
> > CLI to show end-of-life dates (EoLs) for an (ever increasing) number of products (e.g. Programming Languages, Frameworks, Devices, Operating Systems, Desktop Applications, ...).
> > More information: <https://github.com/hugovk/norwegianblue>.
> 
> - Get help:
> 
> `eol -h`
> 
> - List all available products:
> 
> `eol`
> 
> - Get eols of a given product:
> 
> `eol {{product}}`
> 
> - Open product webpage on endoflie.date:
> 
> `eol {{product}} -w`
> 
> - Get eols of multiple products all at once:
> 
> `eol {{product1}} {{product2}} {{product3}}`
> 
> - Get eols of a product as markdown:
> 
> `eol {{product}} -f markdown`
> 
> - Get eols of a product as csv:
> 
> `eol {{product}} -f csv`
> 
> - Get eols of a multiple products as a single markdown file:
> 
> `eol {{product1}} {{product2}} {{product3}} -f markdown > eol_report.md`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> CLI to show end-of-life dates (EoLs) for a number of products.
> More information: <https://github.com/hugovk/norwegianblue>.

- List all available products:

`eol`

- Get EOLs of a given product:

`eol {{product}}`

- Open product webpage on EOL:

`eol {{product}} -w`

- Get EOLs of multiple products all at once:

`eol {{product1 product2 ...}}`

- Get EOLs of a product in a specific format:

`eol {{product}} -f {{html|json|md|markdown|pretty|rst|csv|tsv|yaml}}`

- Get EOLs of multiple products as a single markdown file:

`eol {{product1 product2 ...}} -f markdown > eol_report.md`
```
